Module Project 2  Luis Corona WebPT29 codepen link assignment: https://codepen.io/LuiCoro/pen/yLVZBPx

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Semenatic HTML is tag that is used to define an element

    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is used ass a code to structure a web page and its conent 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes are modifiers that make certain emenets do their task (Ex. <a></a>)

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used for a heading or title. h1 should only be used once per page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The link tag and the button tag both require attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We can put links to the CSS content to HTML,title,stle, metadata should also be placed within

    7. What is an id?
        used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet also it is specific id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        All elements can be combined along with the <id> tag

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
         Once per element and once per page its less of a problem when it comes to Java Script 

    10. What is a class?
        used to point to a class name in a style sheet. It can also be used by a JavaScript to access and change elements with the specific class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        the <id> can be added to all elements within HTML

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        you can have multtiple with the same class on a page

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        you would use the target attribute along with the _blank value
            Ex. <a href="hello!" target="_blank">Hello</a>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        It is used for making an alternate image show if the src image isnt able to do so due to (poor connections, using a screen reader, or an error within the src) 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
        you reference an id by using a (#) Ex.(#Title)
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a <section> is grouped content inside HTML and should appear togethier . <div> is more of a lastt resort option and should be avoided if possible
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
        is is used to Style a webpage 
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        simply type h2 {}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Huge difference between the id and class is that class can be used repeatedly while the id can only be used once. Ex. of usage include id=header, while class=facts we can only have 1 header but we can have multiple facts!
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        you add a period infront of them (Ex: .demo)
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        <   p class= "human">...</p>
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        A parent child selector is a specified element that is the first child of another element. Useful when Styleing  the first letter, or line, of an element
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar li {}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A special selector that used to define a special state of an element. (ex. :hover)
        Ex) h1:hover {
            color: cyan;
        }

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        To change the spacing between lines you need to add (line-height: x)
        Ex) .line {
            line-spacing: 3.2
        }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        we would use the letter-spacing like so letter-spacing: (your length of space)
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        you would use text-transformation: uppercase for all capitals, (text-transform: lowercase) for all lowercase and (text-transform: capitalize;) for capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Go into CSS and add
    .div {
         border: 1px dotted black;
         }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        You use ( * ) 
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        you press ( / ) twice to comment in CSS
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        you type in pwd in the terminal 


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ou would type (ls) in the command line
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        you would have to type in ($ rm path/to/file.ext) and you have to be very careful because unlike the recycle bin once you delete its gone for good!!!!
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        important to keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version. You should use version control software for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit to github once your completeted with your task at hand but if its a project its best to not all push at once so the code is more cleaner and easier to change or add on to
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push origin master would be the command to use to repo our work in github
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow
        Step.1 go to this codepen https://codepen.io/BritHemming/pen/eYYEoPa?editors=1100 and fork it
        Step.2 Complete both CSS and HTML requirements before we move on.
        Step.3 repo the work from Lambda's Git FLow WEb Development project
        step.4 clone the project
        step.5  Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        step.6 Add a file to the project called your "FirstName-yourLastName".txt
        step.7 Run your usual git commands for adding/committing and pushing (git add .),()()
        step.8 Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
        Step.9 Be sure to push to your branch!
        Step.10 Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> main)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A block-level HTML element will always create a new line after the closing tag, while a inline HTML element will not

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
        It is placed basically in its own seperate layer away from everyhtiung else

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        you can have the imag einside a container then from there you can set a width and heigght to the image inside the conatainer to cahnge with width of the photo without taking up too much space 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   -->